«Ladies and gentlemen
the new president has just taken command of our country's entire traditional political class
the old world is back
under young and brand new clothes
the right party just became affiliated
with a prime minister coming from their line, the republicans
the socialist party was already absorbed
since plenty of their elected officials and candidates
asked for the investiture of Mr Macron and many of them
are waiting to be elected, to join him.
Finally,
The far right's electorates
after this party did the scarecrow job we expected them to
The electorates of the alt rights party are abandoned
Their leaders are all gone.
So that now, next to Mr Macron, and for the sake of our democracy,
the only force that will remain is strong, consistent and united
around one governmental program, "L'avenir en commun" /Mélenchon's program/
It's "la France Insoumise" of which I am the spokesperson
and it's this party that tells French people
Do not give the full power to Emmanuel Macron and his prime minister
a cohabitation is necessary
which means we have to form a majority that is different from the current President,
from his odds and ends
So we can have a consistent political action
that answers expectations that are, social, ecological and democratic for our people.
These hazardous hitches
that were just formed will only work for the price
of a dictatorship and authoritarianism from the presidencial monarchy that keeps growing.
He is,
therefore,
dangerous for the future of our country
Do not give the full power to Mr Macron
Allow our country to have an alternative
Gather together, with us, to our call.
May all of your voting paper act as a broom to wipe them all away»